A big swimwear made from small
We look down and we see a broad and uhh…
The purple flame is pure and pure through the waves.
The turtle is swaying again and is seen.
Oh, it's coming. It's coming.
It's riding on a big, wonderful eel.
Oh, oh, it's floating in a very good shape.
Bravo, come on.
The turtle is left to the big eel stone.
It's a never-ending, unbreakable treasure.
The small turtle's mouth is full of water.
It's a blue-green color that looks like a burning eel.
The turtle is a market.
The more it goes to the north, the farther the light is.
The sky is cold, but the clouds are deep.
The waves are not shining.
As far as you can see, the waves are not shining.
It looks flat and flat.
On that day, it's swimming big and big.
The turtle doesn't cry.
It's all yellow.
Oh, it's swaying.
It's riding and sliding.
It's a small, beautiful, neat turtle.
This is H.
It's a big creature.
Oh, it's hiding.
It's moving.
Oh, it's coming.
The turtle is left to the big eel stone.
It's a very exciting, exciting bus.
It's a little strong.
The turtle is opening its eyes quietly.
It was a sea of ​​goshokara.
It was a cold sky.
And it's summer.
It's a summer.
Both are facing the dark, endless sea of ​​sea eel.
It's also terribly calm from the dark.
The sound of the waves and the sound of the waves.
Oh, damn it.
I have to buy it.
Night is coming. Night is coming.
I'm going to buy it.